---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Yuan-Mao Lin, MD, is a clinical fellow specializing in Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, Texas. Dr. Lin obtained his medical degree and completed his residency in diagnostic radiology at Taipei Veterans General Hospital, Taiwan. Afterward, he joined MD Anderson Cancer Center as a clinician-scientist, focusing on interventional oncology and cancer imaging. Dr. Lin has actively participated in various clinical research endeavors, investigating the application of innovative dual-energy computed tomography and exploring the advantages of image-guided treatment in cancer care. His contributions include several first-authored articles published in esteemed peer-reviewed journals, as well as completing reviews for reputable publications. Initially joining the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center as a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Interventional Radiology, Dr. Lin's current research centers around developing a biomechanical model utilizing artificial intelligence. This model aims to analyze and predict clinical outcomes of image-guided tumor treatment. Presently, Dr. Lin serves as a clinical fellow in the Department of Interventional Radiology at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. His future aspirations involve furthering his research in diagnostic imaging and minimally invasive cancer therapies. He intends to leverage his expertise in imaging interpretation and scientific investigation to enhance cancer imaging and image-guided treatments, with the goal of publishing original radiology research in reputable peer-reviewed journals.
